Readme.md, before:

## Faveo Helpdesk Docker

A pretty simplified Docker Compose workflow that sets up a network of containers for Faveo Helpdesk.

All the Faveo Helpdesk editions are supported except the community edition.

## Usage
___

To get started, make sure you have Docker and docker-compose installed on your system, and then clone this repository.

Next, navigate in your terminal to the directory you cloned this, and give the executable permission to faveo-run.sh bash script.

```sh
chmod +x faveo-run.sh
```

Prerequisites to run the script:

1. A valid domain name fully propagated to your Server's IP.
2. Sudo Privilege.
3. Faveo license and Order number.
4. Unreserved ports 80 and 443.(If it is reserved feel free to edit and change the ports of your choice in docker-copompose.yml)
5. Operating Systems Centos 7,8 or above and Ubuntu 16,18,20.

Complete the below steps to get the Containers up.

Run the script "faveo-run.sh" with sudo privilege by passing the necessary arguments.

Note: You should have a Valid domain name pointing to your public IP. Since this domain name is used to obtain SSL certificates from Let's Encrypt CA and the Email is used for the same process. The license code and Order Number can be obtained from your Faveo Helpdesk Billing portal, make sure not to include the '#' character in the Order Number.


Usage:
```sh
	sudo ./faveo-run.sh -domainname <your domainname> -email <example@email.com> -license <faveo license code> -orderno <faveo order number>
```
Example: It should look something like this.
```sh
      sudo ./faveo-run.sh -domainname berserker.tk -email berserkertest@gmail.com -license 5H876********** -orderno 8123******
```
After the docker installation is completed you will be prompted with Database Credentials please copy and save them somewhere safe.

Visit https://<yourdomainname> complete the readiness probe, input the Database Details when prompted and complete the installation.

There is one final step that needs to be done in order to complete the installation. You have to edit the .env file which is generated in the Faveo root directory after completing the installation in the browser. Open terminal and navigate to the faveo-docker directory here you will find the directory "faveo" which is downloaded while running the script this directory contains all the Helpdesk codebase, inside it you need to edit the ".env" file and update the "Redis Host" value to "redis" by default it will be pointing to loopback address "127.0.0.1" here Redis is the DNS name of Redis container which will be resolved by the docker daemon.
	
Configure Cronjob for Auto Renwal of SSL Certificates:
- Replace the path, email and domain name accordingly that suits yours.
```sh
	45 2 * * 6 docker run -ti --rm -v /root/faveo-helpdesk-docker-v2/certbot/letsencrypt/etc/letsencrypt:/etc/letsencrypt -v /root/faveo-helpdesk-docker-v2/certbot/html:/data/letsencrypt --name certbot certbot/certbot certonly --webroot --email berserker@gmail.com  --agree-tos --non-interactive  --no-eff-email --webroot-path=/data/letsencrypt -d berserker.tk  >/dev/null 2>&1 
```

Commit message:

Updated to reflect recent changes

Readme.md, after:

## Faveo Helpdesk Docker

A pretty simplified Docker Compose workflow that sets up a network of containers for Faveo Helpdesk.

All the Faveo Helpdesk editions are supported except the community edition.

## Usage
___

To get started, make sure you have Docker and docker-compose installed on your system, and then clone this repository.

Next, navigate in your terminal to the directory you cloned this, and give the executable permission to faveo-run.sh bash script.

```sh
chmod +x faveo-run.sh
```

Prerequisites to run the script:

1. A valid domain name fully propagated to your Server's IP.
2. Sudo Privilege.
3. Faveo license and Order number.
4. Unreserved ports 80 and 443.(If it is reserved feel free to edit and change the ports of your choice in docker-copompose.yml)
5. Operating Systems Centos 7,8 or above and Ubuntu 16,18,20.

Complete the below steps to get the Containers up.

Run the script "faveo-run.sh" with sudo privilege by passing the necessary arguments.

Note: You should have a Valid domain name pointing to your public IP. Since this domain name is used to obtain SSL certificates from Let's Encrypt CA and the Email is used for the same process. The license code and Order Number can be obtained from your Faveo Helpdesk Billing portal, make sure not to include the '#' character in the Order Number.


Usage:
```sh
	sudo ./faveo-run.sh -domainname <your domainname> -email <example@email.com> -license <faveo license code> -orderno <faveo order number>
```
Example: It should look something like this.
```sh
      sudo ./faveo-run.sh -domainname berserker.tk -email berserkertest@gmail.com -license 5H876********** -orderno 8123******
```
After the docker installation is completed you will be prompted with Database Credentials please copy and save them somewhere safe and a cronjob will be set to auto-renew SSL certificates from Letsencrypt

Visit https://<yourdomainname> complete the readiness probe, input the Database Details when prompted and complete the installation.

There is one final step that needs to be done in order to complete the installation. You have to edit the .env file which is generated under the Faveo root directory after completing the installation in the browser. Open terminal and navigate to the faveo-docker directory here you will find the directory "faveo" which is downloaded while running the script this directory contains all the Helpdesk codebase, inside it you need to edit the ".env" file and add REDIS_HOST=faveo-redis. The "faveo-redis" is the DNS name of the Redis container. Finally run the below command for changes to take effect.
```sh
	docker-compose down && docker-compose up -d
```
